First of all, I want to thank you for the chance you gave me, really appreciate that.
It gave me the opportunity to work with a new technology and learn a lot of cool stuff
that I believe that  will certainly help me in the future.

I was surprised at first how much object oriented is MVC, and it was not about just C#,
but there was more waiting to be understood and put into practice.
The first challanging moment was to understand the concept of this technolgy, what does
it mean, how does it work?

Then having in mind this general idea, I began going deeper , understanding the relationships
between M,V and C (Model View Controll).
And so, driven from my inexprerience and passion to learn I began testing different scenarious,
which I saw in the books and how this small examples would complete my idea.
I separeted the task into different small tasks such as:


 - how to show my custom window on the screen
 - how to link two pages
 

With that, the question was pretty much closed.
But then I saw that the frontpage is  still the default  page , so I had to figure out
a way to change it .
Then the notion routing came into help( After hours of thinking that there is
something fundamental about the structure of MVC that I am miissing)

With that problem solved I decided that the task is done, but the I noticed, that I am unable to return to
the previous page so: How can be done?
My attempts with [HttpGet] and [HttpPost] failed to produce the desired result.
It turned out that the answer of this question was to use JavaScript and an attribute pointing to the function
in the script - so this time it produced the desired result.

That was the challanging moments through which I had to go through in order to complete the task.
I took ma about a day and a half of researching on the Internet, reading books and articles where I found a lot more,
and implementing all of this into final product.

It was very challanging to fight with something new, but based on my prevous experience I was able to make
a relationship between the things I knew, and those which I saw for the first time.
I've tried to figure out some common ideas, about the structure as a whole.

As a conclusion I can say that this project show me new horizions , helped me to become better and
gave me the opportunity to learn something new and valuable.
Than you for your time and attention!


Radoslav Galabov  
Sofiq 18.05.2013 year
compiled in Visual Studio 2012

